# RegRecall

> Abstract:
>
> As Large Language Models (LLMs) advance in Natural Language Processing (NLP), their potential applications in the legal domain gain significant interest. [LegalBench](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.11462) introduced a collaborative benchmark comprising 162 "legal reasoning" tasks, each of which are categorized by a typology that identifies 6 different and distinct types of legal reasoning required to perform the task. One of the six categories in the typology is Rule-Recall, which is pivotal for identifying relevant regulations. However, an unexplored avenue lies in leveraging this paradigm for ensuring compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations. We propose RegRecall, a novel Rule-Recall task focusing on SEC compliance. This task aims to evaluate LLMs' capability to identify violated SEC regulations given descriptions of actions taken. Our hypothesis posits RegRecall as a valuable evaluation task, particularly for corporate compliance, thus augmenting LegalBench's scope to encompass the financial domain. Building upon previous legal NLP benchmarks like LexGlue and LegalBench, our solution aims to construct an LLM evaluation dataset utilizing SEC complaints, parsing them to extract factual details and violated regulations. We anticipate this endeavor to contribute to the expansion of legal NLP benchmarks and facilitate advancements in corporate compliance using LLMs. RegRecall is a new natural language evaluation task that aims to test the efficacy of language models to identify violated SEC regulations given a textual description of actions taken. The dataset is compiled from SEC records of initiated federal civil court cases against parties accused of actions such as stock manipulation, insider trading, etc. 

We aim to develop the task to align with the legal LLM evaluation framework outlined in the [LegalBench paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.11462), which is based on the [IRAC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IRAC) legal reasoning framework. In this context, RegRecall is an example of a Rule-Recall task, which involves identifying relevant regulations or laws given a description of actions taken.

Our full project proposal can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WBsrhjssaqYb7ydoN5JN5UlA5r5vo6vs/view?usp=drive_link).
